2.3 (#2743)
polkadot-js/api: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## 2.3.1 Oct 19, 2020

> Upgrade priority: Low, but recommended for `api-contracts` users.

Author: ```suggestion
Upgrade priority: Low. Recommended for `api-contracts` developers and those using large messages via Node.js WS.
```

Contributed:

- Adjust frame size for Node.js WebSockets (Thanks to https://github.com/mnaamani)
- Update warnings to reflect new docs URLs (Thanks to https://github.com/aphelionz)

Changes:

- Expose `dispatch{Error, Info}` on all `.tx` results (less boilerplate on info checks)
- Add missing primitive types inside contracts type parsing
- Adjust api-contract to expose `Contract.{query, tx}.<message>` and `Blueprint.tx.<constructor>`
- Rework contracts registry to be generic to all scale-info definitions

> - Fix memoization where `BigInt` params are passed

Author: ```suggestion
- Allow for auto-max weight on contract read/exec (useful in estimation)
- Fix memoization where `BigInt` params are passed
```
